More Client OS-specific changes for katello and orcharhino builds (#4980)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-simplified-alternate-content-source-by-using-cli.adoc

----
$ hammer alternate-content-source create \
--alternate-content-source-type simplified \
ifdef::katello,satellite,almalinux,amazon_linux,centos,oracle_linux,red_hat_enterprise_linux,rocky_linux,suse_linux_enterprise_server[]
--content-type yum \
endif::[]
ifdef::debian,ubuntu[]
--content-type deb \
--deb-architectures "_My_Deb_Architecture_1_,_My_Deb_Architecture_2_" \
--deb-components "_My_Deb_Component_1_,_My_Deb_Component_2_" \
--deb-releases "_My_Deb_Release_1_,_My_Deb_Release_2_" \
endif::[]
--name "_My_ACS_Name_" \
--product-ids _My_Product_ID_1_,_My_Product_ID_2_ \
--smart-proxy-ids __My_{smart-proxy-context-titlecase}_ID_1__,__My_{smart-proxy-context-titlecase}_ID_2__
----
+

> Set the *content type* to `file` if you want to create a simplified ACS for a product with file-type repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--content-type file` if you want to create a simplified ACS for a product with file-type repositories.
```

Author: Applied.
